  __ __    __ __ __
 /  /  /_/  // // / New user
/_ /    /  //_// /

When you first logon you are not validated to download software: you will
be validated within 24 hours, however, so call back in a days time to
have access to the downloads.

*******************************************************************
We expect you to use your FULL, REAL name for your username. If you
don't you +++ WILL +++ be deleted.                                                       
*******************************************************************

The following text must be sent to you so we conform to the Data Protection
Act 1984, which we are registered under. Please read it!

Data Protection Act - Information Held by Cryton

Cryton stores electronically the information that you enter when you
register, subscribe or answer any questionnaires on the system. Information
about you is not retrieved from any other source, nor do we reveal any
information held on you to any other source (unless obliged to do so by law
or a court order). The only exception to this is your user name and user
number, number of calls to system, when you last called, and if you are a
subscriber or not which are available in the user list. 

We may use your address to send you news about the system or information on
products that may be of interest to you (NOTE: These are only products
handled by ourselves - we do not sell our mailing lists to third parties).
If you do not wish  to have such information sent to you then mail the
Sysop saying what you do not wish to receive any information. 

We are registered under The Data Protection Act 1984 and inaccordance with
this Act we will send you, if you so request, details of the information we
hold on you at the time of your enquiry. 

If you do not agree to any of the above then please do not continue
registration or mail the Sysop and he will remove you from the system.



Terms and Conditions of Use.

We try to keep these as straightforward as possible. If they should change
then we will  inform you of the new version and allow you time to leave the
system should you  disagree with them for any reason before they come into
effect.

1. Your password is your responsibility. It is up to you to keep it private
and confidential.  If you think someone else knows it then notify the Sysop
immediately and change it as  soon as possible.
 
2. You have to pay your own phone bill - so don't blame us if you use us a
lot. We will  always try to find cheaper methods for you to access the
system but we can make no  guarantees to implement them (especially if they
aren't finacially viable).

3. Cryton works most of the time - but if it doesn't we can only promise we
will do our  best to fix it as soon as possible.

4. Copyright of messages rests with the message authors. Copyright of the
collections of  messages that form Cryton rests with Cryton. You are not
allowed to reprint or distribute  messages without the permission of the
author(s) and the permission of Cryton. 

5. If you upload anything, including messages, you must be legally entitled
to do so, and  it musn't be obscene, libellous or break any of the
regulations laid down by British  Telecom PLC regarding the content of
information transmitted via their public telephone  network.

6. Remember that anything you upload to Cryton in a public area will be
available to  other users on the system and therefore you must be willing to
allow others to download  or copy it from Cryton.

7. If you download anything, you can give a copy to anyone, provided you
don't sell it.

8. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any information on Cryton, or the
usability of any  software available for download. If using Cryton damages
you health, wealth or marriage, that's your problem. Equally don't blame us
if something you download affects your hardware or other software.

9. If you or we get sued as a result of you using Cryton, you will have to
pay the costs.

10. Anyone can resign at any time. We can likewise end this agreement any
time.

11. If you use Cryton outside this agreement then you will be liable for
this use.

It all sounds a bit heavy, but we have to cover ourselves. Please fill in
the information below if you agree to the terms, otherwise drop line now.

Username refers to the name you wish to use to logon to the BBS.

*******************************************************************
We expect you to use your real name for this: if you don't you WILL
be deleted.                                                       
*******************************************************************

